writing meeting minutes is crucial to be
able to keep track of your work it's a
great way to remember what's being said
in the meetings and what future actions
you have ahead of you maybe you've just
been assigned to write meeting notes on
your next big student group presentation
or project group meeting or maybe you
just want to be better at writing
meeting minutes in general well for both
of these cases this is the video for you
i'm also including some meeting minute
examples so stick to the end of this
video to make sure that you actually see
those i would say that there are
basically four different steps that you
go through when you write meeting notes
which i would say is preparing in
advance for the meeting actually writing
the notes rewriting the notes to make
sure that they are readable and then
storing or sharing it or whatever you
want to do with them after the meeting
so starting with preparing you should be
prepared in advance to make sure that
you can write effective notes just a
couple of minutes of preparing in
advance can make you look so much more
professional and make everything go so
much smoother so i would say that the
first step is just to write the agenda
most good and professional meetings have
an agenda and you should probably do the
meeting based on that agenda so you can
put it in the meeting notes in advance
so that you know the structure for the
whole meeting the next step i would say
is to prepare some kind of template or
do some kind of preparation for how the
meeting notes should look and i'm gonna
switch to my computer in order to show
you what my more formal meeting notes
would look like okay so here you have my
more
formal meeting minute example a lot of
companies have their own meeting minute
templates so check if your company has
one because then it's probably best that
you use that one but if you don't have
one this example is really simple and
easy to create so as you can see i have
meeting minutes in onenote which i think
is really good the first thing you
should do is to
have a title for the meeting minute
this date
is really good to use in onenote because
then you can just change the date there
and the time
and then you have the date and time
ready available you should have both a
title and a date then you should also
have a list of participants if it's a
more formal meeting
if you want to you can do a list just as
i have so you can check the people you
can do it simply by just
having this list and go to the discuss
with person checkbox it's really good to
have the agenda written out if
there has been an agenda sent out to the
meeting in advance you can just add that
there
and then it's really simple to see all
the points that were discussed during
the meeting
while just skimming over the notes if
there's been a powerpoint presentation
to the meeting i usually like to add a
link to it so that it's simple to find
it